Fix callouts and update dependencies (#16)
stackabletech/documentation-ui: README.adoc

=== Tracking
We have added our own tracking solution into `src/partials/head-scripts.hbs`. It has the URL hardcoded. it can be enabled by setting `site.keys.enable_tracking` to `true`/`false` in the Antora playbook.

=== Highlight.js v10

> [Ticket](https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/issues/232) - We are "stuck" at hightlight.js v10, because they removed HTML-passthru in v11, which we need for [Callouts](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/callouts/). The Antora Default UI is also stuck, and we will revisit our decision to pin this dependency once they upgrade as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ticket](https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/issues/232) - Due to the removal of HTML-passthru in v11 (which we need for [Callouts](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/callouts/)) the highlight.js has not been updated from v10. This also affects the Antora Default UI. Both decisions will be revisited when the upstream upgrade is available.
```

Reviewer: As established today, the build docs are a little confusing (which repo, which tools - npm and/or nvm - etc.). It would be good to clear this up a bit so "newcomers" can hit the ground running :)
